Clean up duplicate blurbs on function conventions; improve `fft` description (#576)
data-apis/array-api: spec/API_specification/index.rst

API specification
=================

> A conforming implementation of the array API standard must provide and support the following functions adhering to the following conventions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A conforming implementation of the array API standard must provide and support the APIs and behavior detailed in this specification while adhering to the following conventions.
```

Updating away from "functions", as the placement of this guidance applies to the whole spec, and no longer to a list of functions, as was the case previously.

> -   Positional parameters must be `positional-only <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0570/>`_ parameters when the function signature indicates this (as denoted by `/`). See :ref:`function-and-method-signatures`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   When a function signature includes a `/`, positional parameters must be `positional-only <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0570/>`_ parameters. See :ref:`function-and-method-signatures`.
```

Rephrasing to avoid ambiguous antecedent.

> -   Optional parameters must be `keyword-only <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3102/>`_ argumentswhen the function signature indicates this (as denoted by `*`). See :ref:`function-and-method-signatures`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Optional parameters must be `keyword-only <https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3102/>`_ arguments when the function signature indicates this (as denoted by `*`). See :ref:`function-and-method-signatures`.
```
